I'm Bob Knoll my official title is head
of auto testing for Consumer Reports
magazine but I really work for you and
there are over 200 people who work for
you at Consumer Reports we test and
record on everything from toothpaste to
TVs right now is a good time to try
consumer reports because you can get a
free trial issue with no strings
attached here are the details call now
for your free trial issue of Consumer
Reports the magazine that gives you all
the pros and cons of a product including
price call now for your free trial issue
then decide when the bill arrives pay it
and get 11 more issues 12 in all
including the annual buying guide issue
for just $20 or write cancel on the bill
and oh nothing if you do subscribe
you'll also get two free gifts but new
Medicine Show updated and revised plus
the 1990 buying guide issue
so put Consumer Reports to work for you
call now call now for Consumer Reports
call one eight hundred five to six
seventeen hundred one eight hundred five
to six seventeen hundred this summer
head to swings and things your Family
Fun Center enjoy 36 holes a beautiful
miniature golf with giant castle 30-foot
lighthouse fountains and cascading
waterfalls late at night under low level
colored lighting it's a strike rain or
shine in the banning range there's a
thirty-five game arcade and delicious
homemade mermaid ice cream and yogurt
bring the family to swings and things
take i-480 to the students Road exit
goose out one and a half miles to swings
and things there's a career opportunity
waiting for you if you choose to
Cleveland Institute of dental medical
assistance where you get much more than
a great education like real-world
on-the-job experience and individual
attention financial aid for those who
qualify fully accredited programs that
can earn college credit and an extensive
job placement policy your choice of day
or evening classes the Cleveland
Institute of dental medical assistants
in you the winning combination today and
tomorrow for more information or to
schedule your personal tour call your
admissions representative now see your
head in the Ameritech pages plus she's
having a baby
sunday you too on channel 43 nobody
beats fretter nobody only $129 for a
Magnavox Compaq
this player with wireless remote control
because fretter is better single
matchmaker personal introductions the
better approach to dating knows being
single can be nice but there are other
times times you may want to share with
someone someone special call matchmaker
today and take that first step in
meeting someone very special matchmakers
selective introduction process ensures
you will meet people of your choice
signal call us now matchmaker
international the personal introduction
service there's a wonderful new
breakfast food from Chiquita that has
twice the vitamin C of an orange as much
fiber as a bowl of bran flakes it's very
rich in potassium and other vitamins and
minerals and is very low in calories
introducing the delicious Chiquita kiwi
fruit of course there are those of you
who may say that yukita kiwi fruit is
too ugly to eat at breakfast but ask
yourself how good do you look at
breakfast
Chiquita Kiwi quite possibly the world's
perfect breakfast food the following is
a very special offer from your Ohio Ford
dealer now for a very short time in July
the 1990 Ford Escort is available with
one percent factory financing for a full
48 months it's the lowest rate ever on
the world's best-selling car it's only
available at participating for Doom's
and only in these Ohio County this offer
will not be repeated by any new 90
escort from dealers docked by July 31st
and get one percent financing for 48
months no wonder the Ford dealers are
winning Ohio anyone else who thinks
Jagga lakes 100 rides and attractions
are a great bargain for 13:50 why don't
you just move to the left
yeah well it's unanimous all right the
incredible eyeglass factory with the
original tooth for one eye glasses and
contacts offer still has something no
one else has two for one at a low price
4995 the price real permanently that's
right this week two pairs of top-quality
eyeglasses are just 49.95 at the
eyeglass veteran styles two pairs 4995
only at the incredible eyeglass back we
shuck your local paper for coupons and
details all next week
channel 43 has six eight o'clock movies
that are risky business
summer revel mischief
vice-versa Johnny dangerously and
nightshift